---
title: Bench - bench new-site
metatags:
 description: >
  The Bench CLI has a new-site command to create a new Frappe site on your bench.
---

# bench new-site

## Usage

```bash
bench new-site [OPTIONS] SITE
```

## Description

Create a new Frappe site. This operation creates a new folder under `./sites`
which will contain all the site information for the site and also creates a new
database in your DBMS with all of Frappe's Modules and DocTypes installed.

The site config, which can be found under `./sites/{site}/site_config.json`
maintains information about the site's state. For more information about it,
checkout [this guide](/docs/user/en/guides/basics/site_config).

## Options

 - `--db-name` Set the Database name for new site
 - `--db-password` Set the Database password for new site
 - `--db-type` Select the Database Type for new site, options being "postgres"
   or "mariadb". Default is "mariadb"
 - `--db-host` Set Database Host for new site
 - `--db-port` Set Database Port for new site
 - `--mariadb-root-username` Specify Root username for MariaDB
 - `--mariadb-root-password` Specify Root password for MariaDB
 - `--admin-password` Specify the Administrator password for new site
 - `--source_sql` Initiate database with a SQL file
 - `--install-app` Install app after installation

## Flags

 - `--no-mariadb-socket` Set MariaDB host to % and use TCP/IP Socket instead of
   using the UNIX Socket
 - `--verbose` Add Verbosity
 - `--force` Force restore if the site or a database with the same name already
   exists

## Examples

1. Create a new site.

   ```bash
   bench new-site {site}
   ```

1. Create a new *PostgreSQL* site.

   ```bash
   bench new-site {site} --db-type postgres
   ```

1. Create a new site while skipping the interactive prompts for
   - Submitting the Site's *Administrator* Password
   - Submitting the *MariaDB Root* Password

   ```bash
   bench new-site {site}
      --admin-password {admin-password}
      --mariadb-root-password {mariadb-password}
   ```

1. Create a new site with non-default and autogenerated values.

   ```bash
   bench new-site {site} --db-type {type}
      --db-name {name}
      --db-password {pass}
      --db-host {host}
      --db-port {port}
   ```

1. Create a new site with a MariaDB non-root user with database creation
   priveledges.

   ```bash
   bench new-site {site}
      --mariadb-root-username {user}
      --mariadb-root-password {pass}
   ```

1. Create a new site with an app *(available on current bench)* installed.

   ```bash
   bench new-site {site} --install-app {app}
   ```

